okay so in front of me are two phones
that are super popular and the reason
why they're so popular is largely a
result of their price these are around
three hundred three hundred fifty
dollars each this is the k20 Pro this is
the mean 90 and the reason why I'm
looking at them is because they're very
similar in a whole bunch of aspects to
the phone that I'm currently using the
one plus seven Pro now this is a six
hundred and eighty dollar phone it's
very expensive these are like half-price
versions of the one plus seven Pro if
you look at their specs there's a lot in
common
the k20 Pro is geared towards Asian
markets the mean 90 is geared for
international markets but that's
essentially the same phone just with a
different processor now compared to the
oneplus these both have the same kind of
design and has this clean AMOLED display
with no notches no punch holes it's got
an in display fingerprint sensor pop-up
selfie camera it has a snapdragon 855
and it's got this glass and aluminum
sandwich design going on and both of the
Xiaomi phones have this triple camera
system on the back in fact they use the
same Sony sensor as the one on the
oneplus 7 pro the spec list on this K 20
pro is just nutty it's crazy that
they're selling this hardware for the
equivalent of 360 US dollars now if you
look at the market at this price point
there's usually some kind of compromise
or some kind of corner cutting that's
been done to hit that price point even
the pocke phone from the same company
was built with a plastic shell but the
k20 pro has this legitimate premium feel
and look to it the camera system I
thought that it would just be bad with
photos but it's surprisingly good the
stock camera app shoots way better than
I thought it would but because this
phone has been out for a while there are
several versions of the G cam app
available for this phone and they work
for all the cameras so daylight photos
low-light photos night shots
front-facing selfie cameras G cam does
all of it right now and they're good the
photos that I'm getting from the G cam
app off of the K 20 pro look better to
me than the stock camera app on the 1 +
7 Pro the one disadvantage I would say
that comes with that G cam app is that
the DoubleTap to launch the camera like
to hit the power switch twice to launch
the camera app that still launches the
default software like you can't get
to launch the G cam as of right now but
I think it's totally worth it
okay the build on this phone is also
really good it's got the gorilla glass
back in front it's got the aluminum
frame and the fit and finish is on point
I do kind of mixed feelings about this
material like by having a metal and
glass phone like this it sits alongside
with all the premium flagship boys out
there but I mean it's a $360 foam I feel
like this should have been plastic not
to reduce the cost or anything but at
this price point like the user base just
wants durability and we've seen it right
the plastic phones are just they last
longer they just wear better than a
glass and metal phone but I think it
looks good I think it actually looks
really good for the money the black
carbon fiber finish looks so much nicer
to me than that red whatever they have
going on but just the black one looks
simple and it's just a good it's a it's
a good look the other phone I have the
me 90 has the black matrix skin on it
from dbrand so there's other good stuff
on these two phones there's the
headphone jack on both of them and the
battery life is solid it's a four
thousand milliamp hour battery and I'm
getting over eight hours of screen on
time and the screen on both of these has
a flat surface unlike the one +7 probe
with the curved edges I've complained
about these curved edges on all of the
kind of recent flagship phones flat edge
on the Xiaomi so there's no accidental
clicks with your palm and stuff like
that there are some shortcomings with
the Xiaomi phones and I'm just gonna go
through a couple of them obviously
there's no ninety Hertz screen this is
not something that would peg as like a
$300 value add but the fact that is
missing is something that I noticed but
more importantly the biggest problem
with both of these phones to me is the
software and I'm not talking about the
actual UI and stuff like that it just
feels a lot choppier
and laggy er than I'd expect now some of
it is hardware like the oneplus is
running you a fist three storage this is
not but I think the vast majority of it
is software issues like you're seeing
stutters everywhere if you're typing on
the keyboard pulling up a website
switching apps there's just micro
stutter that appears throughout the
entire interface and it's not often like
it happens maybe once every minute maybe
every two minutes but the fact remains
it's there and it's it is noticeable
especially when you're coming off a
really smooth experience from the
oneplus 7 pro now is it a big deal no
like not at all it is noticeable and the
only
reason why I'm even bring this up is
just to kind of illustrate the
difference between the two phones but
the 1 + 7 Pro was geared for speed like
through the entire process that they
built this thing fast Hardware fast like
everything on this thing
the k20 pro it's got a fast processor
but everything else around it just feels
less polished it's still a great phone
but that's really where that extra money
goes to the overall kind of speed feel
of the 1 + 7 Pro now there is another
variant to the K 20 Pro which is the
mean 90 this runs basically the same
kind of hardware except the processor is
slower for me it's only noticeable in
games but if you need the international
version for more LTE bands for wherever
you live then you're gonna have to deal
with the slower Snapdragon 730 instead
of the 855 now I can't really finish
this discussion without talking about
what I think is the best valued kind of
phone in the market right now so this is
the s9 + I've talked about this thing a
lot when they first launched this phone
I really liked it and then a year and a
half later the price has gone down a lot
and I still love this phone right you
can get this thing for like 350 400
bucks and normally when I talk about
value in phones this has always been
like the winner if you want like a 350
$400 phone right now it's always been
like get the s9 from last year but
because of how good these phones are I'd
openly recommend them over the SI on
right now unless you absolutely need
wireless charging or stereo speakers
because neither of these phones have
them but that's basically it both of
these phones are great values like 300
350 dollar price point if you're
interested in something in that range
you should check these out ok hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time